Updates and fixes:
Admin updates
• I want to make an admin icon right under the user profile icon only visible and accessible to the admin account. Hidden to all other users.  • Put all the admin functions in a page that the admin icon opens instead of the other areas please.
Admin page functions should include: • Player database where admin can banish players or give players coins • The reward bundle section where admin can put together coins and items and send out to all or checkmark specific players. Those rewards should still pop up on individual users homepage as a magical gift icon. When they open the icon and click collect, it should go to their individual inventories. • Item Database where admin can add items and pets to game and take the option out of all the shops from each world.
Item Database on admin page should include: •Name •Type ( Pet, Accessory, Item, Potion ) - the Pet option should include a place to upload png and animated gif files up to 20 mb or 1000 x 1000 px (resize lower for different device screens). One for the hatched pet photo and one for the Egg photo. There should also be a section where a special skill can be typed in for each pet. - the Item option should include sections to type in how much it ads to overall health points (not the same as potion to heal pets but the pets total health max instead) def, ATK, and lvl increase should also be item option sections. Items are consumables used to Power up pets. They should disappear after use. - the Potion option should have the sections to add how much health is restored, mana restored, or how many pets are revived (potions that revive multiple pets revive the ones with the highest stats if more pets are knocked than potion allows for). These are consumables and disappear after use. Potions can only be used in battle. Not to power up Pets. - the Accessory option should have sections to add how much overall ATK or DEF it adds to a pet. when an accessory is equipped it does not disappear. It only adds extra stats when equipped. Those stats are removed once the accessory is removed. It should be returned to the users inventory once removed. Not destroyed. •Drop down menu for which world it should appear in and then a drop down from that to choose which shop in that world it will be available for users to buy.
Homepage Changes • Can you change the background to something more detailed and less blurry? Same magical forest theme with a platform • Can you change the profile picture border to something like a thin, magical gold theme? • Anywhere the Players coin amount is available allow the coin icon to be clicked to open a 'buy more coins' page where we can use stripe to let players buy as many coins as they would like (Coins aren't awarded until payment is processed). Users should be allowed to type in exactly how many coins they want to purchase. $1 = 100 coins. ( or set it up the best way for player and system ) They cannot exceed $100 at a purchase session. Players cannot spend more than $500 a day when buying coins.
Pet Power Up Page • When a user powers up their pet, instead of just a basic message can we update it to a little animation when it's successful? Also before an item is able to be used include a quick pop up that asks if user is sure they want to use that item.
World map page • can we update the world page to be a little more dramatic? But visually friendly and exciting? Make the icons a bit more interesting and the individual world pages for each world to fit the theme of each icon. • Instead of one shop for each world, Add about 6 or more other icons to each world that matches that worlds theme. ( libraries , potion shops, exploration areas, places that can have a character or shop owner set by admin. Fitting places depending on the worlds theme) • Don't make any of the icons for the world pages square, try to make them look more like places that can be entered
After all the new features are added, so a check to make sure all code is organized and there's no extra or unnecessary code eating up space