Add a new explore location to the Elysian Bayou world called “Elysian Bayou Clearing.”

FILES
The first uploaded image is the world-map icon.
The second uploaded image is the gameplay background.

Please store them using organized, descriptive filenames instead of temporary upload names:

assets/worlds/elysian-bayou/elysian-bayou-clearing/icon.png
assets/worlds/elysian-bayou/elysian-bayou-clearing/background.jpg

Do not store the images as external temporary URLs. Add them to the project’s permanent asset structure.

WORLD-MAP INTEGRATION
1. Add the new icon to the currently empty explore-place location on the Elysian Bayou map.
2. Position it approximately in the lower-left open area of the map.
3. Store its map position and scale in the Elysian Bayou location configuration rather than hardcoding the position inside the map component.
4. Make the icon tappable/clickable.
5. When selected, it should open the new Elysian Bayou Clearing gameplay area.
6. Use the transparent version of the icon and do not display a white square around it.
7. Add a subtle hover or tap animation consistent with the other explore-place icons, but do not redesign the icon.

Please use a reusable data structure similar to:

{
  id: "elysian-bayou-clearing",
  worldId: "elysian-bayou",
  name: "Elysian Bayou Clearing",
  icon: ".../icon.png",
  background: ".../background.jpg",
  mapPosition: {
    xPercent: editable value,
    yPercent: editable value,
    scale: editable value
  },
  sceneType: "walk-around",
  features: {
    movement: true,
    enemies: false,
    combat: false,
    rewards: false,
    interactions: false
  }
}

Match the structure and naming conventions already used in the project instead of creating a conflicting second system.

GAMEPLAY AREA
For this first version, the only gameplay should be the player’s currently active pet walking around the scene.

1. Load the active pet from the player’s existing active-pet state/database information.
2. Do not use a permanently hardcoded test pet.
3. Reuse the existing pet sprite or active-pet rendering component wherever possible.
4. Use the uploaded portrait image as the environment background.
5. Preserve the background’s aspect ratio. Do not stretch or distort it.
6. Scale the game area responsively for different portrait phone sizes.
7. Keep the pet inside the central dirt clearing and prevent it from walking into the surrounding water, rocks, trees, or outside the image.
8. Store the walkable boundary as editable normalized coordinates or a scene collision configuration, not scattered CSS values.
9. Place the pet near the lower-center portion of the clearing when entering the area.
10. Add a clear back button that returns the player to the Elysian Bayou world map.
11. Prevent the page itself from scrolling while the player is controlling the pet.

MOVEMENT
First inspect the project for an existing pet movement system and reuse it.

If there is no existing movement system, create a small reusable movement controller that supports:
- tap or click to move on mobile
- mouse input on desktop
- keyboard movement on desktop
- smooth movement rather than instant teleporting
- correct sprite direction or flipping when the pet moves left or right
- configurable movement speed

Keep movement logic separate from the Elysian Bayou Clearing page so it can be reused in future walk-around areas.

CODE ORGANIZATION
Please avoid putting all logic in one large page component.

Organize the feature into separate responsibilities, following the project’s existing structure:

- Elysian Bayou location configuration
- reusable explore-location map icon
- reusable walk-around scene
- pet movement controller
- active-pet renderer
- scene collision/walkable-boundary configuration
- Elysian Bayou Clearing location data

The location page should mainly load the location configuration and pass it into the reusable walk-around scene.

FUTURE EXPANSION
This area will later become a slash-enemies gameplay location. Prepare the structure for future additions without implementing enemies yet.

Leave clear extension points for:
- enemy spawning
- pet attack animations
- hitboxes
- health
- enemy waves
- item drops
- rewards
- cooldowns
- temporary visual effects

Do not add placeholder enemies, combat buttons, fake rewards, or unfinished UI to the visible page yet.

SAFETY
Do not change unrelated worlds, player data, existing explore locations, authentication, inventory, pets, or database behavior.

Before editing, inspect how the current Elysian Bayou map, active-pet system, routing, and asset loading work. Reuse the current systems wherever possible.

After completing the feature:
1. Test opening the new location from the Elysian Bayou map.
2. Test returning to the world map.
3. Test the active pet appearing correctly.
4. Test movement on a narrow phone screen and a larger phone/tablet screen.
5. Confirm the icon and background load from permanent project assets.
6. List every file created or changed and briefly explain each change.